This program consists of dgrep.cpp, dgrep.h and test.h.
!!!To run our program, put the log files in CS-425-MP, which is the local git repo, and name them vmx.log, where x is the vm id. 
All programs are the same on each machine. To compile the program, run "g++ dgrep.cpp -o dgrep -pthread" to generate an executable called dgrep. To run the program, run ".\dgrep vm_id" on your virtual machine(the second arguement is the vm_id you are on). Running the program gets you into our shell, where you can query from the vms.

When you are in our program shell, type "grep <text>" to grep normally. The result will follow the sequence from 1 -10, with the line count on the end of each machine grep and the total line count from all machines on the bottom. If you want to use regular expression, just run the normal command you would run in a unix shell, without typing the filename to grep from(since we only grep from the log files). For instance, run "grep ".hzl"" to run a grep command on regular expression ".hzl".

Unit Testing:
We wrote 2 unit tests in the program, one for frequent and one for infrequent. These tests are used to test whether the results are transmitted back, so it works best when a client is connected to only 1 server. To enable testing, change the TEST_FREQUENT or TEST_INFREQUENT constant on top of dgrep.cpp to 1. Don't turn both on. Compile the program with the same command. After each grep, use ctrl+c to quit the program, and the grepped result will reside in a file called grepresult.log in the client machine. On the server side, use command "grep <text> testvmfreq.log > actual.log" to grep locally on the server and store the results to actual.log(For the frequent test, the target file is called testvmfreq.log. For the infrequent test, the target file is called testvmx.log, with x being the vm id). We wrote a program that sends the actual.log to the target client machine. To compile it, type in "g++ send.cpp -o send". Use "./send target_vm_id" to send it to the client with id target_vm_id. After actual.log is sent to the client, use "diff grepresult.log actual.log" to see the difference of 2 files. There should be no difference.

The differences between the 2 test is that first, the frequent test needs to generate testing log files of size 10MB (generated by typing in command: base64 /dev/urandom | head -c 10000000 > testvmfreq.log), while the infrequent pattern is generated by the test_generates_logs function(we have already taken care of calling it). Second, the local grep on the server need to grep on the file testvmfreq.log in the frequent test, and testvmx.log for the infrequent test where the x refer to the vm id.
